---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azurekv_secret Data Source - Azure Key Vault"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault Secret excluding the secret value.
  -> If you need the secret value, use the azurerm_key_vault_secret https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/ephemeral-resources/key_vault_secret ephemeral resource or the azurerm_key_vault_secret https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/key_vault_secret data source instead.
---

# azurekv_secret (Data Source)

Use this data source to access information about an existing Key Vault Secret excluding the secret value.

-> If you need the secret value, use the [`azurerm_key_vault_secret`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/ephemeral-resources/key_vault_secret) ephemeral resource or the [`azurerm_key_vault_secret`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/key_vault_secret) data source instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azurekv_vault_secret" "example" {
  name         = "secret-sauce"
  key_vault_id = data.azurerm_key_vault.existing.id
}

output "secret_resource_id" {
  value = data.azurekv_secret.example.resource_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_vault_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the Key Vault instance to fetch secret names from, available on the `azurerm_key_vault` Data Source / Resource.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the Key Vault Secret.

### Optional

- `version` (String) Specifies the version of the Key Vault Secret. Defaults to the current version of the Key Vault Secret.

### Read-Only

- `content_type` (String) The content type for the Key Vault Secret.
- `expiration_date` (String) The date and time at which the Key Vault Secret expires and is no longer valid.
- `id` (String) The Key Vault Secret ID.
- `not_before_date` (String) The earliest date at which the Key Vault Secret can be used.
- `resource_id` (String) The (Versioned) ID for this Key Vault Secret. This property points to a specific version of a Key Vault Secret, as such using this won't auto-rotate values if used in other Azure Services.
- `resource_versionless_id` (String) The Versionless ID of the Key Vault Secret. This property allows other Azure Services (that support it) to auto-rotate their value when the Key Vault Secret is updated.
- `tags` (Map of String) Any tags assigned to this resource.
- `versionless_id` (String) The Versionless ID of the Key Vault Secret. This can be used to always get latest secret value, and enable fetching automatically rotating secrets.
